# Create Project With Module Federation

To create our container application and our microfrontes, we will use the `create-mf -app` library, which serves to create an application of modulation Federation with React or other technologies.

To start, write `npx create-mf-app` in the terminal, in order to create the container application and the microfrontends. (Select `Application` in the `Project Type` option).

## `webpack.config.js` File

This file is responsible for configuring the module federation plugin, which is responsible for sharing the modules between the container application and the microfrontends. Aditionally, it's allow expose our microfrontends to be consumed by other applications.

## Example

### Expose Components

Imagine you have the `MicroFrontend1` microfronted with the `Header` and `Footer` components in the `src/components` folder. To expose these components, you must add the following code to the `webpack.config.js` file:

```javascript
...
name: "MicroFrontend1",
filename: "remoteEntry.js",
remotes: {},
exposes: {
  "./Header": "./src/components/Header",
  "./Footer": "./src/components/Footer",
},
...
```

- `name`: The name of the microfrontend.
- `filename`: The name of the file that will be generated by the microfrontend. This file will be used by the container application to import the microfrontend.
- `remotes`: The microfrontends that the microfrontend will consume.
- `exposes`: The components that will be exposed by the microfrontend.


Additionally, we have a `publicPath` where will be exposed our module:

```javascript
...
output: {
  publicPath: "http://localhost:3001/",
},
...
```

### Consume Components

To consume the components exposed by the microfrontend, you must add the following code to the `webpack.config.js` file of the container application:

```javascript
...
new ModuleFederationPlugin({
  name: "Container",
  remotes: {
    MicroFrontend1: "MicroFrontend1@http://localhost:3001/remoteEntry.js",
  },
  shared: ["react", "react-dom"],
}),
...
```

Now, to use the components exposed by the microfrontend, you must import them as follows:

```javascript
import Header from "MicroFrontend1/Header";
import Footer from "MicroFrontend1/Footer";
```
